---
title: How
date: 2024-02-18 02:30
modify: 2024-02-18 02:47
author: Jun Gu
tags:
  - technology
layout: post
---
## 1 Mount remote file system to Windows system
Test

### 1.1 Install necessary software 

[WinFsp](https://winfsp.dev/rel/)

It requires [winfsp/sshfs-win: SSHFS For Windows](https://github.com/winfsp/sshfs-win) installed. There are two kinds of installer (x86 vs x64) to choose.

> "x86" and "x64" are terms describing different families of computer architecture. 
> **x86**: This term originally refers to a series of Intel microprocessors starting with the 8086 and including the 80186, 80286, 80386, and 80486. The term "x86" is used because the names of several of Intel's processors ended in "86". It has since come to refer more generally to any **32-bit** processor using a similar instruction set. An x86 (32-bit) processor can directly access up to 4 gigabytes of memory. 
> **x64**: This term refers to a 64-bit extension of the x86 architecture. The extension was originally developed by **AMD** and named "x86-64", but it is also known as "x64" in Windows environments. This **64-bit** architecture removes the 4-gigabyte memory limit of x86 and can theoretically address up to 18.4 million terabytes of memory. In addition, x64 architectures typically process data in larger chunks (64 bits at a time), which can lead to better performance for certain kinds of tasks.


It's worth noting that most most modern desktop and laptop processors are based on the x64 architecture and can run both x86 (32-bit) and x64 (64-bit) software.  Currently, `x64` is your best your choice and should be checked in your system info.

